c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.exe.config
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.exe
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.pdb
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Form1.resources
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Form2.resources
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.exe
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.pdb
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Form3.resources
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Form5.resources
c:\users\ajwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication23\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Form6.resources
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.exe.config
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.exe
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.pdb
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.exe
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.pdb
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Form1.resources
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Form2.resources
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Form3.resources
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Form5.resources
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Form6.resources
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ajwa\Desktop\BAHRIA\BSE-5 Books\VP\student Assignment GUI Based\WindowsFormsApplication23\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication23.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
